docs: Caveat for token permissions not scoped to any resource context (#32780)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/reference.mdx

    - resources:
        - token
      verbs: [list, create, read, update, delete]
```

### Allowing access to token resources

You should note that if you configure a role that allows tokens to be created, a user assigned to the 
role can create any type of token. 
For example, you might create a role with the following configuration to enable assigned
users to enroll servers:

```yaml
kind: role
version: v7
metadata:
  name: enroll-servers
spec:
  allow:
    node_labels:
      'env': 'us-lab'
    rules:
      - resources: [token]
        verbs: [list, create, read, update, delete]
  deny: {}
```

With these permissions, users assigned this role can generate any type of token, including a token to enroll 
a server, application, or database, establish a trust relationship between a root cluster and a new Teleport 
Proxy Service or leaf cluster, or configure a device trust relationship for a managed device.

> Because the token resource isn't scoped to a specific context, such as a node or trusted cluster, you should 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Because the token resource isn't scoped to a specific context, such as a node or trusted cluster, you should 
```
To break up a long paragraph

    - resources:
        - token
      verbs: [list, create, read, update, delete]
```

### Allowing access to token resources

> You should note that if you configure a role that allows tokens to be created, a user assigned to the 
> role can create any type of token. 
> For example, you might create a role with the following configuration to enable assigned
> users to enroll servers:

Reviewer 2: I would phrase this in a way that describes the current behavior without sounding like a defect.

```suggestion
Users with permissions to create provision tokens can include any Teleport
system roles in the token.

For example, you might create a role with the following configuration to enable
users to enroll servers:
```

Author: I haven't seen "system role" or "provision token" terminology. Maybe:
Users with permission to create tokens can use that permission to provision any type of Teleport resource.

Reviewer 2: `ProvisionToken` is the literal name of the resource that is created when you run `tctl tokens add`, though the docs seem to use the term "join token" more. I think either is fine.

There are other types of "tokens" like password reset tokens which are controlled separately in RBAC, so I think being explicit is helpful.

Similarly, a "system role" is app, node, proxy, auth, db, windowsdesktop, kube, etc. (The different modes a Teleport agent can operate in.) These are distinct from roles that you would assign to users (like access, auditor, editor, etc.)

Author: Thanks for the clarification. Might want to revisit the token terminology because I also see it called an invitation token in messages after you generate it.
Overloading "roles" terminology is a common (but not Teleport-specific) issue. I'd prefer to keep roles aligned with what you configure and assign for use access.

Reviewer 2: Interesting. Typically "invitation token" is meant to invite new users (not services) to the cluster. This could definitely use some cleaning up!

```yaml
kind: role
version: v7
metadata:
  name: enroll-servers
spec:
  allow:
    node_labels:
      'env': 'us-lab'
    rules:
      - resources: [token]
        verbs: [list, create, read, update, delete]
  deny: {}
```

> With these permissions, users assigned this role can generate any type of token, including a token to enroll 

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't say "any type of token" because technically it's all the same type of token (provision token). What we mean to say is that the token can include any system roles (ssh, db, windowsdesktop, etc) and that it's not possible to create a role that restricts token creation to a subset of roles.

    - resources:
        - token
      verbs: [list, create, read, update, delete]
```

### Allowing access to token resources

> If you configure a role that allows tokens to be created, users assigned to the 

Reviewer 2: I personally prefer "users with the role" over "users assigned to the role" but will leave this one up to you.

From a UI perspective, you select a user, and then assign roles to that user. (Roles are assigned to users, not the other way around)

role can create tokens to provision any type of Teleport resource. 
For example, you might create a role with the following configuration to enable assigned
users to enroll servers:

```yaml
kind: role
version: v7
metadata:
  name: enroll-servers
spec:
  allow:
    node_labels:
      'env': 'us-lab'
    rules:
      - resources: [token]
        verbs: [list, create, read, update, delete]
  deny: {}
```

With these permissions, users assigned to the role can generate tokens to enroll  
a server, application, or database, establish a trust relationship between a root 
cluster and a new Teleport Proxy Service or leaf cluster, or configure a device 

> trust relationship for a managed device.

Reviewer 2: Have we verified the device trust part? Generating device enroll tokens shoudl require the `device:enroll` permission, so I don't believe that `token:create` would be enough.

@codingllama ?

Reviewer 3: Zac is correct, we do require the device/create_enroll_token permission to enroll new devices, good old "token" won't do. The device_admin role is an example of that: https://goteleport.com/docs/access-controls/device-trust/device-management/#dedicated-device-admin-role.

Author: @zmb3 @codingllama Just a quick followup: this caveat was for configuring a device trust relationship in the original doc request. Is that the same as enrolling a device?

Reviewer 3: Enrollment is what turns a registered device (a device that Teleport knows about) into a trusted device (a device that passes "trusted device" checks). The "token" resource has no influence in the device trust subsystem, so I think the comment stands.
